---
title: 'Glossary'
date: 2018-11-28T15:14:39+10:00
summary: Managing data with Orquestra
weight: 3
---



- `artifact`: A data object, stored as a JSON file, that is created and/or used tasks in a workflow. Artifacts can also be passed between tasks.
- `component`: An external and pluggable resource that gives your workflow additional functionality. It contains source code and is a public github repository.
- `Data Correlation Service`: The service in Orquestra responsible for the [correlation](../data-management/correlation) and [aggregation](../data-management/aggregation) of all the data produced by a workflow.
- `Quantum Engine`: The coordinating service that manages running workflows, returning output data, and returning the logs generated by each run.
- `source code`: Code contained in a component. Source code is callable by a task or source code contained in another component.
- `task`: An individual operation in a workflow. It specifies inputs, outputs, and source code to execute.
- `task ID`: A string identifier for a specific task during a specific run of a workflow.
- `workflow`: An instruction set consisting of user-defined steps to be run by Quantum Engine.
- `workflow ID`: A string generated by Quantum Engine that is used as an identifier for a specific run of a workflow.
- `workflow result`: A JSON file produced by the `Data Correlation Service` that contains data about each task in a workflow and contains all of the artifacts produced by a workflow.
